 <h2>Beta Release Notes</h2>

                                                <p:accordionPanel id="release-panel">
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.8 on ?-JUNE-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-W </span>Added tools to view which ordinances have static headers, which is critical for handheld app functioning</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z </span>Citation-violation status now can be back dated in a batch! </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-N </span>Improved data sync capabilities</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.7 on 29-MAY-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z </span>Photo size on notices now respects initial size setting</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z </span>Event add dialog no longer bleeds over the bottom of the page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-N </span>A whole bunch of property data synchronization back end code that isn't ready for production yet</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.6 on 13-MAY-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-I </span>Adding events just got cooler! You can now do an all-type event category search, and even save your own quick event list specific to your user for easy selection during event add time.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-B </span>Event calendar just got a major facelift: users now have user-specific view controls accessed through the link obscurely named "settings" to choose which events to view in your calendar. Event categories can now be flagged with Date/Time critical, for actually scheduled events: this flag shows up when adding an event in the event add dialog. You can adjust your calendar to only view backlogged follow up events and calendar critical events. These filters now also percolate through to the conventional calendar view.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-B </span>A new 'bump' feature has been added to follow up events on the dashboard calendar backlog allowing users to kick the follow up event into the future so you don't lose it and you can still clear your back log</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-B </span>When closing a case, the system will automatically deactivate follow up events not satisfied and future events. You can now also view deactivated events on the event lists in property, case, and permit file pages, along with reactivation</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z2 </span>Citation violation status updates can now be back dated such that marking a cited violation as compliance through adjudication shows up in the proper monthly report! Who knew citation-violation tracking could get so exciting?</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.5 on 11-MAY-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-L </span>Inspected spaces in field inspections can now have custom ordering and sensible default ordering: first by floor, starting with upper floors proceeding to basement, negative floors. User can enter edit space order mode and move spaces up or down manually..</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-H </span>Violation migration from an inspection on CE case that case's violation list now is prompted and configurable on inspection finalization directly in the CE case! NO more migration settings and ugly migration confirmation dialog. Setup violation parameters directly in the finalization box.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Fixed case close dialog form oddities: reversion back to "compliance" closure event category, fixed bug of all closing events having text about closing due to compliance, added pathway for user to enter custom closing event details at closure time. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-A </span>Added much more robust caseload refreshing, so you shouldn't have to manually refresh caseload on common case actions that impact the priority bins, like citing a violation, or adding a letter </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-F </span>Improved divergent owner mailing vs. property address searching to return fewer false positive divergences. System will now make smart guesses that 609 E 13TH AVE  and 609 13TH AVE are effectively the same address. The chance of the omitted directional being accidental is extremely high.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z </span>Permit files and property profile pages now have a tools panel with a forced refresh and page reload link for stubborn non-updating object issues. Use this link if the page details aren't reflecting actions actions you just took in a dialog box</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.4 on 7-MAY-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Fixed doubled up citation and violation panels after citation add</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Fixed unable to route CEAR after property assignment</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Attempted to fix wrong caseload loaded after session re-initialization</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.3 on 5-MAY-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Fixed unpredictable search failure on public CEAR search form</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Restored legacy NOV template manager link; it is back from vacation</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.8.2 on 2-MAY-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-M </span>Added batch parcel log management on property manager</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-Z </span>Fixed parcel ID dash stripping always activating. Now property search by parcel ID honors the state of the "remove dashes" checkbox</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-MN </span>Upgraded Westmoreland county parcel data harmonization process for incoming Trafford</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-L </span>Properties now all have been assigned a county designation</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA7-A </span>Letter upgrade WIP: letters can now live directly on properties and inside permit files, and of course still on CE Cases; Letters are fully "mail mergable" with custom fields.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-G </span>Action requests: citizens who call in a complaint and internal user enters their email now get a confirmation email.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-G </span>Action requests: Added resident type: neighbor; Extended confirmation message on internal form without photo attachments.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-N </span>Municipalities can now designate official contacts for various system purposes, such as inter-officer communication via act 90, public contacts, manager contacts, etc. Accessed via session muni box in upper left; muni tools; muni contact manager</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.7.2 on 17-APR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-G </span>Code enforcement action requests have been completely upgraded! Now Action Requests have their own management page, complete with dashboard counts, easy viewing of requests in the right-hand detail column, and advanced search features as used to exist on the dashboard.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-G </span>An internal action request submission form now makes municipal staff submission of requests much easier on a custom, single-page form featuring a new "muni general" request such as "please sweep all of gas line way for trash violations" or "please bring Ellen Bascomb copies of all recent permits to the muni office on Thursday"</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-G </span>Custom action request reports now feature month-over month time series data showing the trends in action request reporting.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z </span>When creating a new permit file, the selected manager "sticks" when choosing a manager who is not the current user</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.6.0 on 26-MAR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-A </span>Caseload manager now features a batch case close feature which allows officers to not only batch close cases ready for closure but also mark violations compliant on non-cited cases and then conduct the closure!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-A </span>Users can now view, print, and mark as mailed letters directly from the caseload manager cards</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-A </span>Users can jump to case cards from the administrative todo listings in the caseload manager</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-A </span>Administrative flags on cases can be suppressed using a command link under the admin flags on a case's profile.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.5.3 on 15-MAR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-W-2 </span>Allow back dating of letter lock, sent, and returned dates</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-A </span>Scroll panel in lightning config</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.5.2 on 11-MAR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-Z-3 </span>Made session flushing more robust to squash wrong muni's cases appearing in case search on dash</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-J </span>Lightning cases can now automatically link multiple violations with canned findings injected automatically, editable before lightning case creation. The new lightning dialog will also allow Letter recipient choice, and auto-dropping into the case profile of the freshly made lightning case! Give it a whirl.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-W-1 </span>Person connections now show their family classifications, with case connections a glaring orange, and the others more pastel colored.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.5.1 on 6-MAR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-C </span>BETA launch of new caseload manager on dashboard; still needs auto-refresh on case actions</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z </span>Fixed cannot see citation controls on view citation link click</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-C </span>Relaxed close blockers for no terminal citation status log</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-C </span>Relaxed close blockers for no violation on case</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z </span>Fixed Lou cannot see himself in the caseload manager drop down list</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.4.2 on ?-MAR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-A </span>Case manager with batching and easy list access and management</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.4.1 on 2-MAR-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-C </span>A muni-wide text block manager provides easy viewing, editing, and linking of canned findings, certificate text details, and more; Access this from your muni session box -> muni tools -> text block manager </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-C </span>Code book ordinance enforcement parameters can now be updated in a batch via ordinances -> code book</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z </span>Disappearing NOV on finalize and lock bug fixed</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA6-C </span>Ord categories can now be edited directly in the code source manager</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.4.0 on 25-FEB-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-A </span>Case status is now fully upgraded to include ready for closure alerts, administrative cleanup flags, auto closure reminders, and more.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.3.2 on ?-JAN-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-W-3 </span>Dashboard calendar is now filterable by user and calendar events can now be viewed in a conventional, pannable calendar view accessedd with "explore full calendar" link at the top of Event Calendar panel</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-H </span>Owner occupant person links on a property will now also get slurped up as a the property's owner</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-W-7 </span>Permit file managers can now be changed and auto logged with a descriptive event..</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.3.1 on 26-JAN-2026 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-F </span>Property evaluations now have a few new tweaks: You can now clone across munis easily from the evaluation builder; photos now print on the reports; and westmoreland county towns can now submit blight records to the mother ship at the Redevelopment Authority automatically!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-B </span>New permits now label authorized use "Permitted use" and not "Proposed use" going forward. Already issued or drafted permits will still read "Proposed use" </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-P </span>Property alerts are now easy! Just use the "add property alert" action link on the property profile and choose your alert type. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-P </span>You can now also search for properties by active alert at a given point in time using the "Properties by active alert" pre-built query.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-F </span>Property evaluation upgrades: photos now print on the eval report; cloning can now be undertake across municipalities; bugs in editor squashed; reorder now works with top/bottom jump links; deac blueprint works now.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.3.0 on 31-DEC-2025 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-G </span>Municipalities can now sign letters with a generic signature to anonymize the issuing officer. Contact system admin to setup this person. Officer extensions now print on NOVs--just make sure your user's person has an extension registered. Find your user person with the new person tools link in the session person box. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-G </span>Adding follow-up events when recording NOV mailing is now optional!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-O </span>When conducting inspections, compliance and inspection stamps should match inspection date/time, not now()</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-S </span>Property search by county parcel ID now doesn't always strip dashes; added boolean toggle on search params</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z </span>Random checklist chosen if muni defaults aren't setup to avoid erroring out inspection add page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z </span>Added note that muni header images must have a title to be selected in the muni</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z </span>Added warning note requiring default severity when adding ords to codebook by system admins</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-L </span>No longer display the ugly warning on Addresses with building number zero. Enforce more address rules. Fixed address form</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Westmc </span>Fixed major parsing issue with westmoreland county harmonization</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.2.1 on 22-DEC-2025 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA-5 </span>Westmoreland county data assimilation for beta testing: prop addresses, owner name, and tax mailing</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA-Z </span>Fixed loading all properties on property profile page load; added parcellog reviewing UI</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.2.0 on 22-DEC-2025 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA-5 </span>Westmoreland county data assimilation for beta testing: prop addresses, owner name, and tax mailing</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.1.1 on 18-DEC-2025 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z </span>Fixed muni profile unable to add new bug</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Y </span>Allow manager event cat manage</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.1.0 on 2-DEC-2025 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-U </span>Persons linked to a unit now display in the unit/period/certs/fins table in upper right of prop profile</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z-1 </span>Inconsistent success of person merges has been fixed and person search re-runs after merge to reflect deactivated sub person</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA5-Z-10,23,30 </span>Permit dialog and citation dialog should no longer be cut off on the bottom</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 4.0 on 16-NOV-2025 ">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4 </span> You can now add all properties in a search result to a group in one go, allowing for convenient grouping of properties that match search criteria.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">WestMC-B</span> Property evaluations are now buildable! These are non-ordinance based assessments with basic survey-like functionality.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-S</span> Special property search now in beta testing to list properties whose owner mailing address is different from the property address. Test it out: property search and groups then query drop down to "Property address different from owner mailing" and expand advanced search and tinker with the match threshold. </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.6.5.2 on 17-OCT-2025 (collapsed with 3.6.4)">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z:</span> Fixed 504 on case docket report</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z:</span> Including "HEARING_SCHEDULED" citation violation status. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z-12:</span> Removing a photo link to an inspection item no longer deletes that photo from the entire system. Yikes! Sorry about that, folks. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Q:</span> Citation search includes a half dozen new search filters and  results can now routed to a printable citation report page with summary statistics!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-R:</span> FIN follow up events are now based on the parent container: CE case follow up events are different from permit files and you can opt out of auto followup event on failed inspection finalization</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z-18:</span> Rich text now displays properly on field inspection flags</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.6.3 on 12-SEP-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-W:</span> Spacing in occ inspection photos; removed violation photos header</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.6.2 on 8-SEP-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-W:</span> Occ inspection report tweaks: full-width comments section; two-wide photo printing; sensible page breaks</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-W:</span> Nullified permits can now still be viewed for printing with an ugly banner declaring it null and void.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-P:</span> Certificate sort order now is finalized first, then un-finalized.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.6.1 on 4-SEP-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z:</span> With Permit file bug fix</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-O:</span> Added advanced query tools for occ permits, including a beta test of a filtering mechanism for expiring permits which are followed by a non-expiring permit</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-P:</span> Permits (certs) now have a status and show their expiry date and window on the permit file cert list.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-P:</span> Permits (certs) now have a status and show their expiry date and window on the permit file cert list.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.20 on 3-SEP-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z-14:</span> Violation add cancel not actually canceling</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z-11:</span> CEAR routing controls should not work consistently, and view CEAR link (red text with number of CEARs) now works from any page, not just dashnoard</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-B:</span> Violations can now be unnullified by a case's manager, or muni manager or better users!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-N:</span> Inspection comments can now be saved for future use in your or other municipalities!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA4-Z:</span> Inspection reports no longer print headers for "Pre-inspection notes" and "Comments" if none are entered by the officer.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.19 on 14-AUG-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">MAP-B1:</span> Activated URL-encoded pre-filling of muni on CEAR form.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.18 on 18-JUL-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Fixed again removal of "photo attachments" header when there are zero attachments.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.17 on 8-JUL-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Fixed mis-printing the section character on NOV photos and don't print "photo attachments" when there are zero attachments.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.16 on 25-JUN-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-I:</span> Field inspection dates should now properly be auto-populated in the certificate creation flow.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-B:</span> You can now sort the inspection violation tables by category, ordinance, or inspection outcome without losing your entered data!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-C:</span> Notice of violations now  can contain the photos associated with any or all associated violation with custom sizing available on the NOV configuration  </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-G:</span> Emergency contact flagging: a person can be flagged as an emergency contact and individual phone numbers can also be flagged</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z-3:</span> Property and person search results are automatically limited to 150 to avoid overloading DB; users can change or disable result limiting in advanced search</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-L:</span> Muni profile edits now work</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Q:</span> Letter management bug fixes: letter type changes now propagate without a session reload, current muni filter default on types </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-E:</span> UMAP sortable list for system admins</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.15 on 9-JUN-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Fix address sorting bug.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-H:</span> Tree-based ordinance browser single select bug has been fixed on Field Inspection browsing.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-U2:</span> Property list reports can now be generated via the property search list box.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.13 on 5-JUN-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-H:</span> Tree-based ordinance browser has been resurrected on cecase violation add and inspections.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Citation penalty and violation level penalties have been adjusted to hopefully fix 810,000 converting to 810 on entry</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.12 on 21-May-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-V:</span> Alpha prototype of the import machine.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-B:</span> Units now have a "common area flag" that will eventually have workflow requirements attached.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.10-11 on 4-May-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Partial fix of failure to properly load person profiles incident to citation act 90 flagging upgrade.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Act 90 flags now show on property owner display</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-S:</span> Property groups now display on inspection routing and dashboard prop search results</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Fixed unable to create case on property without a mailing address link</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.8 and 9 on 23-APR-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-K</span>Persons linked to a citation or docket are given a yellow alert box under their name in search, profile, and when configuring permits that says "Review for act 90". Persons linked to a citation with a guilty outcome are shaded dark purple in the person profile. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Printing property photo on case report is now optional and defaults to false; </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> County property data links no longer bleed into property info.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Auto navigate to destination case when attaching CEAR to existing case</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Inspection destination property and unit now appear as expected when rerouting from one case/permit file to another</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z:</span> Inspection flags were broken and are now fixed</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.7 on 16-APR-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z</span> Default to table view on inspection ord browsing and known bug notice.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.6 on 19-MAR-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z</span> Enforceability info edit now doesn't crash out the dialog.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.4 on 5-MAR-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-N</span> When adding ordinances into a codebook, ordinances can be filtered by searching header text, full text, and by presence in the target codebook! Also, duplicate ordinances will not be added to a target codebook.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA3-Z</span> Checklist clone now works as expected</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.3 on 28-FEB-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-M</span> Added "counts as compliance" flag on citation violation and adjusted reporting to reflect compliance during court. You can now also search for violations by citation-violation status (such as dismissed, withdrawn, etc.)</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.2 on 25-FEB-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-F</span> Field inspections can now include alert flags that display prominently in the inspection dialog, and on field inspection reports. They can be customized by town to say anything the user desires. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z</span> Fixed error: Unable to see newly added unit and added auditing to now allow duplicate unit or empty unit numbers</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-W</span> Add permit file type to unit/occ period grid display on property profile</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.1 on 10-FEB-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z</span> Fixed error: no violations injecting into lightning cases</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z</span> Fixed error: Broken side bar menu links</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z</span> Fixed error: Navigate to permit file from event calendar on dash broken</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z4</span>Space/room attributes (size, floor, location) are now duplicated on reinspections by default and can be disabled.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.5.0 on 7-FEB-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-C</span> Properties can now be grouped into custom-named bundles such as property developments, demolition candidates, etc. Groups are accessed and maanged on the standard property search dialog and on the property profile page directly.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-I</span> Citation penalties and fees are now aggregated across all citations on a given case for display on the bottom of the citation panel, on the case docket report, and on the cecase list report, when enabled (which it is by default).</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.4.0 on 22-JAN-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-L</span> Interserver communication REST endpoint on Wildfly activated </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-L</span> Implemented caching for field inspections and cache dumping  when uploading from Handheld Tool. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-L</span> Auto case cache dumping every morning at 0100h using CDI injected beans!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-k</span> Search for citation on officer-assigned citation number</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-G</span> All dashboard searches now "stick" even after leaving dashboard and returning to dash</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-J</span> Permit files can now be searched by event activity, defaulting to 30 days in past</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.3.2 on 9-JAN-2025">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z</span> Fixed bug on broken inspection screen on permitfiles on properties without any cecase</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-F</span> Findings on inspection items and code enforcement case violations can now be saved and used again later. Users can store an unlimited number of stored findings and manage them without leaving the inspection or violation add dialogs.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-B</span> Field inspection can now be routed to another muni if attached in the wrong town by mistake: Use the Transfer and Deactivation panel in the lower left corner of the inspection details dialog.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-Z</span> Auto generated followup events on letter sending has been reactivated.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.2.3 on 13-DEC-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2-B</span> Field inspections can now be routed to any other muni for which a user has officer permissions (and to any active muni for system admins)</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.2.2 on 11-DEC-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2 15-2-Z:</span> Fixed bug: broken building display view on address picker</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">LSA2 15-2-Z:</span> Added selection checkboxes back to violation select and a half dozen other tables</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.2.1 on 2-DEC-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-L:</span> Code enforcement case list reports now include breakdown of action requests!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-L:</span> Occupancy activity report now includes a clearer breakdown of field inspections by outcome</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-E:</span> Added Not cited-terminal citation violation status</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.2.0 on 25-NOV-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman E:</span> CE Case reopening operation</li>pom
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman D:</span> Enlarged findings boxes on field inspection flows with toggle for collapsed sizing!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman D:</span> PrimeFaces 14 upgrade; bug squashes: duplicate issuing code source on certs; invisible rich text buttons bug fixed; routed Enter key presses to next buttons on permit flow</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.1.2 on 20-NOV-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman D:</span> Fixed broken inspection checklist manager page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman D:</span> Citation status management working now </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman D:</span> Certificate types can now be added without proposed uses, and those left empty shall not print on permit </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.1.0 on 16-NOV-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-D:</span> Case ID numbers no longer appear on Letters</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-E:</span> Violations now have a pretty color coded status and when a violation is cited, then all updates to the violation happen through the citation and its log entries and citation-violation status updates</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-E:</span> Citations and citation violations now can hold penalties of various kinds such as officer requested, district court imposed, and imposed on appeal</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.9 on 27-SEP-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Fixed broken occupancy activity report and violation search</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Adjusted batch violation UI language</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Tweaked violation findings logic to remove single paragraph extra spacing</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Field inspection reports now display correct unit association when accessed from property home page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Fixed bug: deac on person mailing address links not propagating to certificate even with person refresh link click</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Removed failed audit facility completely!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-D:</span> Fixed property manager link role no auto-populating on property page</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.8 on 20-SEP-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-A:</span> Field inspection search results now contain working links to the parent property and ce case/ permit file</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-G:</span> Umap log tracking query re-enabled</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-B:</span> Added inspected space ord display in the details edit dialog for easy transfer to fields</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-Z-9:</span> Users can now apply batch code violation actions: extend stip comp dates, compliance, and nullification</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 15-2-D:</span> System admins can now add to checklists from any codebook</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.7 on 4-SEP-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-M:</span> Inspected spaces now can contain notes, dimensions, and occupancy limits on reports </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.6 on 2-SEP-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Backup ordinance text view links added to inspection and violation add UIs for testing.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.5 on 30-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-M:</span> Unit person links now eligible for printing on inspection reports</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Attempted fix for unable to add selected ords from source</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-M:</span> Draft of more advanced inspected space details: no reporting yet</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.4 on 22-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-M:</span> Clone facility now available for inspection checklist spaces; copying now available also</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-M:</span> Rich text editing on inspection findings</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.3 on 19-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-O:</span> Clone facility now available for entire code sources!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> No inter-muni lock out on person merging for muni staff or better</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.2 on 13-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Fixed bug on CE case Field Inspection report setup screen crashing</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.1 on 6-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Handheld inspection session display now refreshes properly on muni switch.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> CompareTo contract breach locations surrounded with try/catch</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Session object and view objects are now officially all cleared on muni switch</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-H:</span> Inspection dispatch caching disabled due to stale inspections after dispatch and upload.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.0 on 1-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-H:</span> Database caching subsystem operational with system admin control panel offering enable/disable/flush for each of 9 caching managers</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Edits on NOVs are now "sticking" as expected.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Certificate/permit header image and width now pull from the muni settings directly, not via the default print style. Now the default print style only is used for letters whose type doesn't have a declared print style.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 3.0.0 1-AUG-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-H:</span> Database caching subsystem operational with system admin control panel offering enable/disable/flush for each of 9 caching managers</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Edits on NOVs are now "sticking" as expected.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.15 23-JULY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Fixed 504 page bug on public CEAR form</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.14 19-JULY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Adjusted inspected space dialog to use scroll bars for overflow</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.13 17-JULY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Parcel deac now works as expected and directs users to dash after completion</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Case close form now cancels as expected</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> System admins can now deac a CE Case completely, including all sub-objects!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-L:</span> Certificates can now have custom person link labels!! System admins can configure custom permit types. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-J:</span> Text blocks can now be stored as default on certificate types </li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.12 8-JULY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Resurrected canned text for permits. Use the "manage canned comments" link in the certificate panel to add and edit canned text.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Fixed bug on location descriptors (again)</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.11 4-JULY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Fixed bug on location descriptors that was causing errors in handheld upload syncing</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14:</span> Added muni profile switch to turn on and off display of muni addresses on permits</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.10 27-JUNE-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Major facelift to location descriptors on inspection spaces: they can be location descriptions and or floor numbers</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Resolved violation transfer from dispatche FINS to to ce cases</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.9 11-JUNE-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Fixed checklist add/edit bug Number 2194 </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.8 10-JUNE-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-D:</span> Mailing addresses can now be added quickly in the traditional three box form and matching candidates are displayed for review</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Tree based ordinance select on ce cases no longer collapses on each add; Full ordinance text is now also available on the table view filter</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-B:</span> Ordinance last updated timestamp is now written on category update on browser triggering handheld checklist cached copies to be dumped for fresh ones</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.7 29-MAY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-D:</span> Mailing address quick add now live for testing: add a new address (building no, street, and ZIP Code) all in one form.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.6 16-MAY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-Z:</span> Inspection checklist edit now works as expected</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-D:</span> Beta big table filter mailing address search now available from the dashboard</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.5 13-MAY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-H:</span> Key muni docs are now uploadable and visible from any screen using the muni session box: click muni tools then choose: important muni files and docs</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 14-F:</span>Lightning cases can now be configured to NOT automaticall finalize letters on generation. This is a little check box inside a lightning case's settings.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.4 10-MAY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Pretty status icons now display for spaces with all passed items or no inspected items</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Assigned inspections now appear on case or period display without a reload</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Making a new person without a phone or email now won't make empty ones</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.3 9-MAY-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> A lilac color now denotes dispatched inspections</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Photos can be uploaded to finalized inspections (again)</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> CECase add can now have a default origination event cat</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Reinspections are now working as expected</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> The inspection creation process is now dramatically simplified: default 
                                                                checklists are now selected based on user's parent object (ce case or permit file), default causes are selected, and even frequently 
                                                                used spaces are automatically added to the inspection during creation. Finally, inspections can be dispatched to the handheld 
                                                                software tool at the moment of inspection creation, reduce overall clicks required for creating a base inspection from six to two!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Field inspection interfaces have been upgraded to show ordinance outcomes on the main profile page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Inspection determinations can now include a "Documentation only" setting that is neither pass nor fail</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.1 25-APR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Session object boxes have been optimized; clicking the name of the person, property address, case name, or permit file type replaced the "view" links</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-Z:</span> Field inspection ordinance screen blanking bug fixed; ord selection tree doesn't collapse on ord selection; ordinance findings and pass/fail status save on view change</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span> Field initiated inspections from the handheld software tool are now assignable via a slick four-step UI accessible from the dashboard</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.3.0 17-APR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-D:</span>Final person merging updates implemented: full auto-refreshing after merge, and a confirm dialog </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-D:</span>Person search has been upgraded to allow for searching by phone, email, merge status, date, user, and alias searching occurs by default alongside primary name searching. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-B:</span>Upgrade to field initiated inspection UI with dashboard notices of inspections that need routing and those dispatched </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.10 9-MAR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-D:</span> Persons can now be merged into one another with the guts of one person being migrated to the guts of the primary person</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-Z:</span> Fixed aliases not appearing on person profiles after alias creation</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.9 28-MAR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-Z:</span> Bug on certificate drafting fixed; this was related to parcel info objects not getting auto-generated properly during parent property configuration</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 13-D:</span> Persons can now have aliases AND can be linked to other persons in the system, so a person can be listed as the owner of an LLC, for example</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-I:</span> On tree view, ordinances with failed sort first on re-view of that table; sort cols had to be removed because they erased ordinance data</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.8 12-MAR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-I:</span> Inspection tree ordinance add now allows add of both failed and pass, and tree "next" routes to same screen as table view: severity and migrate to case</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-L:</span> Person-CECase "nov recipient" links aren't duplicated on sending a second NOV to the same person</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-C:</span> Permit amendments are ready for user testing: finalized permits can be amended within a 45 day window</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Added logic to prevent dead address link dialog from null on Audit trail prep</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Removed address link role auto filter on parcel ID search</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Fixed wrong dates displaying on human link dialog</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.7 8-MAR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Fixed broken NOV type add/edit and missing Accouning event type</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-C:</span> Test pathway for the certificate amendment process -- feedback please</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Property mailing address update now does not close in click of "edit" </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-A:</span> Tweaks from user feedback on permitting flow: show full contact on person step; allow hiding of duplicate email, phone, and addresses </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.6 1-MAR-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-G:</span> Fixed broken muni header upload tool and broke up muni manage page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Fixed NOV recipient mailing addresses not displaying the previewed address</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-A:</span> Certificate person add dialog no longer closes on validation errors, but rather displays an error message </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.5 24-FEB-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span>Fixed broken occupancy reporting (incident to removing times from permit dates) </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-A:</span>Permit file type display on dashboard listing</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.4 22-FEB-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-A:</span> Testable permit flow with saved dynamic fields, 
                                                                easy person linking, and step-based navigation.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.3 16-FEB-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-A:</span> More functional test of new certificate flow </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman Z:</span> Attempted bug fix on permit person address links NOT loading</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.2 22-JAN-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-Z:</span> Property profile permit file display is now mega slick, with inspections and certificates listed with ZERO additioanl cicks</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.1 22-JAN-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-K:</span> Ordinance headers are now editable during update of individual ordinances</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-z:</span> Fixed CE case profile info broken update form</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-z:</span> Fixed CECase info not updatable</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 12-A:</span> Save permit draft values inside the new permit flow!</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.2.0: 7-JAN-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 11-F (Events):</span> CNF now automatically deploys events (when configured in muni profile settings) when permits are issued--including
                                                            expiring permit reminders, when NOVs are marked as sent, field inspections are finalized--and when failed field inspections require follow up, as well as
                                                            when citation log entries are made that relate to specific calendar dates such as filing and hearings. These substantial features have incremented our minor release number from 1 to 2!!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 11-F (Events):</span> Events displayed system wide, including from searching and reporting, now reflect an event category's view rank floor! This setting 
                                                            can be configured during report config for ce case list and case docket reports allowing users to set the view floor at their rank or lower.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 11-F (Events):</span> The event add dialog now features a revised layout more consistent with our two-column style system wide. This new sporty
                                                            style boasts an upgraded event category list box which provides category level detail regarding follow-up and property-alert characteristics. Users can also view category level detail
                                                            on their selected category using an aptly named link at the top of the right column.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 11-F</span> Users can now add a general event to the muni calendar which will display as **GENERAL EVENT**</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 11-C</span> You can now edit the raw HTML on ordinances, allowing for inclusion of spiffy tables and super fancy formatting inside a code element's technical text.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 11-E</span> The reinspection button now lives inside an overlay panel, preventing accidental clicks</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.9: 3-JAN-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug fix</span> on permit finalization.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman f:</span> Stable property events and follow-up events, but alerts are still WIP</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.8: 2-JAN-2024">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug Fix:</span> Template edits "not sticking' bug fixed. Now template edits are actually working!</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>


                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.7: 28-DEC-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F:</span> Property alert events are now active and can be configured by system admins to any muni's heart's desire</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F:</span> Event end times auto-correct when before an event start time</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F:</span> Event lists auto sort to reverse chrono order</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F:</span> Event descriptions now support rich text, like bullets, enter presses, bold face, underlining, etc.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F:</span> Event Configure screen now has sensible columns with pretty formatting</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.6: 28-DEC-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F:</span> Follow-up events now have special yellow flags prompting user to log another event to satisfy the follow-up requirement</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-G:</span> Routing of field-initiated fins now works with slick highlighting of options</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-G:</span> Code elements now have a customizable header that sticks with that ordinance forever</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-G:</span> Code guide now has rich text editing and creator/update tracking</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Lightning cases</span> can now have a display order, and help offered on ordinances </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.4: 12-DEC-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug Fix</span> Inspection report config dead page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-F</span> Event subsystem facelift initial parts</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.3: 5-DEC-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill11-A</span> Property units now can have their own mailing addresses!!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug fix:</span> Auto select current user on permit init </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug fix:</span> Null user person on NOV finalize </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.2: 4-DEC-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10: I: </span> Clear  property list on session init</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.1.1: 3-DEC-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10: Tweaks</span> to include dashboard property search and owner/manager phones and emails on profile</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10:M - Muni profile switch on default address search link role filter</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10:M - Dashboard now features simplified property search!</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.8: 30-NOV-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10: Property page</span> revamp first pass: property info is right at the top, units and periods are collapsed </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10: Lightning case draft</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.7: 9-NOV-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed bug on ord tree</span> generation assignment</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed remove ord from violated list</span> on CECases when adding from the tree</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Auto refresh muni-codebook mappings</span> on the code book management page</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.6: 9-NOV-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ordinance and code book refresh</span> bug squashed to show real-time updates on code books and ords</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property and unit info on inspections</span> added to dialog header in inspection profile, inspection entry dialog, and pass/fail confirmation dialog</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.5: 9-NOV-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed save findings bug</span> on inspection tree view: clicking "add ordinance" to violated 
                                                                list will save notes and severity on already violated ordinances</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Wrap text and view ord</span> added on inspected item tree for field inspection add</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.4: 7-NOV-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">hillman10-N:</span> Browse ordinances in a tree form on inspections and cecases!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Feature: </span>When adding new ordinances, users can build a new ordinance based on a 
                                                                clone of the chapter, sec, sub sec, and sub sub sec number and titles; Also, edited and added ords 
                                                                get added to the top of the ord list for easy user confirmation </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">hillman10-Z:</span> Fixed inspection comments not "sticking"</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.3: 31-OCT-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">hillman10-J:</span> Auto-select issuing code sources when creating a permit</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">hillman10-Bug:</span> Fixed auto-reload of issued permits</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.2: 27-OCT-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10-D:</span> Occupancy permitting and inspection detail hybrid report is now available for immediate generation 
                                                                from a start to stop date of your choosing; Default switches show maximum information. 
                                                                Turning off sections with a simple click makes customization a breeze.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ordinance chapter and section:</span> on inspection form are cleaned up</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.1: 25-OCT-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10-L:</span> In-depth info on citation display</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hill-10: Bugs</span> Fixed reinspection button bug</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 2.0.0: 19-OCT-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Field inspection</span> load time adjusted to only load full checklist on inspection view</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Caching</span> layer implemented in CodeIntegrator, PersonIntegrator, MuniIntegrator, UserIntegrator</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Event calendar</span> now only displays 5 events in a list, hiding the rest in an accordion that is, by default, closed at 6+ events</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Events</span> now loaded with property info directly on base class event; eliminated PropertyUnitPeriodDataHeavy subclass entirely!</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.7.3: 4-OCT-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Letter templates</span> are now simplified and no longer require selecting a cryptic entry in a drop-down box each time you want to choose a template. </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.7.2: 27-SEP-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Occ period status</span> now is accounting for failed inspection re-inspection windows.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Known issues: </span> 1) Excessive permit file load times still exist and are actively being trimmed. 2) Occasional session init and page load errors (which are incident to the persistent and unidentified database connection "leak")</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.7.1: 26-SEP-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 9: Occ period status</span> now is displayed when viewing occ periods in the dash search, property profile page, and the period itself</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property search is now mobile friendlier</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Field inspection search now works from the dashboard</span> which allows querying all non-finalized inspection for muni-wide tracking purposes</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Draft task manager</span> is live for the system admins to begin configuring. Occ period level tasking coming soon. </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.18: 21-Aug-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS 14:</span> Audit trail on mailing addresses and code ordinance and header fields </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug fixes: </span> Resurrected date of record on field inspections </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.17: 7-Aug-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 8-I:</span> Field inspection determinations, inspection causes, and all intensity ratings are now municipality specific and are configured
                                                            by system admins through the page called "manage drop-down lists"</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 8-F:</span> Linked object roles now have priority for sorting </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.16: 31-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 8-D: Property search sort:</span> Results on the property search now are sorted by building number then street name, with reverse link. AND parcel ID searches now automatically remove '-' characters from inputs</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 8-E Event time sort:</span> Events now sort in reverse chronological time from most recent to least recent</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Hillman 8-H Canned text blocks: </span> Occ permits now allow users to create and use canned stipulations, notices, and comments, along with custom comments.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.15: 31-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS task 10: calendar export of events</span> now exists on the dashboard, CE Case, Occ period, and Property pages! Custom list selection dumps into a file digestible by Outlook Apple calendar, and Google Calendar!! </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS task 11: Ordinance filter now available on selection of violations,</span> in the ordinance add and codebook manage pages!! </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H8-G: Inspection deactivation</span> now operates as expected </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS task 13: Audit trail on person fields </span> now gets written to the notes field </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS task 12: Session choice table</span> is now simplified; Extra info now in the row expansion</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.14: 19-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Field inspection UI has been tweaked</span> to easily allow navigation to either space-level dialog and a help notice for uploading photos to individual items. 
                                                                Photos now have their own panel that shows all uploaded files without an additional click to "view photos".</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Reinspections can now be initiated directly from the inspection list</span> on cases and permit files </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Sorted bug relating to photo/doc lists on cases</span> actually showing photos and docs on the most recently viewed field inspection </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Adjusted CECase and permit file query on session init</span> to not force abort the entire session build on query exception </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.13: 13-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Field inspection from Dash</span> works all the way through now, along with correct address on reports initiated from the dash</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.12: 12-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">The inspection interface has now been updated and appears much more stable than before.</span> 
                                                            Photos and severity ratings are inputted in a much more organized dialog following the initial space input screen.
                                                            Remember: upload photos to the entire inspection first, then allocate them to individual ordinance. </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.11: 11-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Work in process (inspection interface is flaky until next patch ETA end of business Tuesday): Overhaul of inspection photo upload system</span>: Users now upload to the inspection pool only and match element photos from that inspection pool</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed Broken unit number update</span></li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.10: 11-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ticket 1797: Show un-finalized inspections </span>on inspection config dialog for easy finalization</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ticket 1798: Display property address</span>on inspection info dialog</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ticket 1799: Empty findings</span>are no longer wrapped in meta data during reinspection</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Auto-linking of persons receiving an NOV to parent CECase</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ticket 1792: Broken removal of inspection finalization</span> is now fixed--remove away</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ticket 1800: Inspection finalization status moved to top of left column</span> of inspection profile dialog for easy user review</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.9: 6-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-E: Muni profile switches for auto-loading of CECases and Permit Files</span> with default for case load: true, default for occ periods: false;</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-L: Upstream person pools are now live</span> so when you go to add persons to a case, for example, the lower left box of the person search 
                                                                dialog shows the parent property's person links. Similarly, when linking persons on a citation, the parent case persons are the user's candidates. Current functionality does not "hop" 
                                                            a parent's link pool, meaning when linking a person to a citation, users are only shown the citation's direct parent pool: the CE Case, not the case's containing property. 
                                                            Users must add person links down each generation of the tree manually.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.8: 5-July-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Inspection init from dash</span> is available for both permit files and ce cases, without an additional click on "actions"</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-F: Search logs on dash are gone.</span> Poof!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-H: Properties will now all have a unit PRIMARY.</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property units can now be deactivated</span> if they do not have a permit file inside their bellies</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-I: Duplicate phone types are gone</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-J: Active filter on property search is now in an advanced search box</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-k: Event search advanced tools</span> are now inside a special expandable panel</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.7: 26-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Pesky event list on cecase dashboard list refresh fixed</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Parcel-attached events now show up on calendar!</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">CE Case "view case" link </span>on special session box accessible case list now works </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Inspections can now start on the dashboard</span> for ce cases and permit files using the "actions" link in the "Action" column </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.6: 20-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H7-D: Event add from dash on CE case now displays correct type list</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ticket 1734: Broken permit file view link </span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.5: 19-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Cross-muni read-only status has been verified</span> and xmuni logging implemented in DB</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">CEAR help links</span> inserted in panel headers</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.4: 13-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Cross-muni links on persons now display the external muni's name </span>in the light salmon colored cross muni view row</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Resurrected auto-load of open case list on session init</span> and added case list link in session ce case box</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.3: 12-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-D: Cross-muni viewing facility in place which allows viewing of cecase and parent properties when citation and dockets are linked to persons</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS-8: Field inspection dialog</span> sequence streamline and mobile responsiveness</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.2: 6-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed CEAR no property selection bug</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Person links now include rich descriptions </span>like property addresses and event cats, and not just object IDs</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.1: 5-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-G: Fixed inconsistency in case closed counts</span> by street on the CE Case List Report and to boot ya'll got a switch on your case list report config that turns on a listing of all objects that compose the master counts on the summary section of the report. Try it out!</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-H: Case deactivation re-enabled</span> for sys admins or your own cases (which were created relatively recently)</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-C: CEAR final tweaks:</span> Fixed broken back buttons; added internal note appending feature for both public and internal notes </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.6.0: 1-June-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-C: CEAR Routing and Searching</span> is now functional, completing the beta for CEAR submission by public and internal users</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS Task 7: Icon management </span>tool now exists for system admins, along with a slick icon picker  </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.5.4: 25-May-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Upgrade to PrimeFaces 12!</span>  </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-L: Upgraded ordinance display logic; ordinance page now contains preview of all ordinance headers under the display table</span>  </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-C: Code Enf action requests internal routing works for existing case attachment only</span>  </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.5.3: 19-MAY-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS task 6: Multi object management interface is now live!</span>  </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-C: Code Enforcement action requests:</span> Simplified public-facing photo upload. 
                                                                Back end can now view CARS but cannot manage them yet. CEAR auto searches on session build, and the CEAR panel is live under CE Case Search</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.5.2: 16-MAY-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS: Task 5:Linked object role management page now exists </span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H6-C: Code Enforcement action requests</span> have been partially resurrected: public facing forms are available for review, but batch photo upload still crashes due to DB leak.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-L: Ordinance display cleanup</span> to deal with empty () is WIP: ordinances show their header display along with header generation logic in the ordinance manager which will aid in additional debugging.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.5.1: 4MAY2023 1000h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS: CO1-T28:</span> Dashboard, session bar, and side bar are now supposed to be optimized for tablet and handheld computer screens</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-J: Addresses upgrade:</span> Mailing addresses can now contain secondary unit designators, attentions, and PO Box support! </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-G: Citation adds auto-update</span> violation status </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-I: Alpha sort event types and cats</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-P: Typo on case docket report fixed</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-D: Leak Hunt continued:</span> muni objects on BlobLight objects and NOVType objects have been
                                                            flattened to muniNameFlattened and muniCodeFlattened and UI adjusted to accommodate</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-O: Turned off permit file search items</span> that are inactive; renamed occ period to permit file</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-N: Case list pie charts shrunk</span> down to 300px wide</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">H5-M: Clone Checklist</span> is now available as a utility accessible from a link called
                                                            'clone checklist' at the top of the checklist detail (right column) of the checklist manager page.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.5.0: 20-APR-2023 2300h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Unit numbers appear on FIRs</span> but only for non-PRIMARY units </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">BITS 1348: Ord filter</span> Add an ordinance filter to the inspection page inspection page cleanup</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Map tool link on Dashboard with </span> custom header images for each muni. Map tool link in final debugging</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.9: 20-APR-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Code sources refactored</span> during database leak hunt! May the Java gods smile kindly on our endeavor. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">System admins can now view session authentication logs</span> under the System sub-menu on the left side-bar--filterable by date range to boot!</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.8: 17-APR-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Deactivated space types</span> in field inspection checklists
                                                            now still show up in completed inspected spaces, along with deactivated space elements.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Evens on properties</span> now should appear with consistency.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.7: 14-APR-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Session authentications</span> are now logged; 
                                                                records contain the date, time, user-muni-auth-period, IP address, session ID, 
                                                                and some basic browser data like vendor and version and patch status. Retrieval is by back end only.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.6: 11-APR-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Person links and all their goodies</span> can now be selected for display on a field inspection! </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Odd permit printing page redirect error</span> was investigated and not solved; users can "re-view" the permit file
                                                            of the offending permit and the printing page loads correctly. A custom error page was made with these instructions for the user and
                                                            more extensive debugging directives added to back end for further investigation.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.5: 4-April-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">NOV template editor</span> is back to rich text, and single Enter press note added to template manager and NOV editor</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Current user now default</span> inspector and field inspections don't default to edit mode after checklist select is complete</li>
                                                            <li>Ticket 1575 closed:<span style="font-weight: bold;">Letter type deactivation</span> works now</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.4: 30-March 2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li>Benchmark deliverable 001:<span style="font-weight: bold;">Court Entity management</span> page is now live and available for system admins.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.3: 28-March 2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li>H4: Item I: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Remove media injection into rich text editors</span> on code elements and NOVs, etc. </li>
                                                            <li>Ticket 1557: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Occ permits are draftable by any user with edit permissions</span> and up 
                                                                (Beyond requiring muni staff rank no additional permit drafting restrictions are possible. Permit finalize/issue can still be restricted to CEOs or managers.) </li>
                                                            <li>Actually fixed session object synchronization </li>    
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.2: 27-March 2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li>Hillman 4-Q: Ordinance entry form now <span style="font-weight: bold;">only requires a chapter title.</span> Some ordinance title formatting issues remain outstanding due to complex database change. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property search results get wiped</span> on session re-init, reducing confusing cross-muni output</li>
                                                            <li>Ticket 1557: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Citation drafting</span> and other operations now conform to muni profile specification</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">User lists are now muni-specific</span> when selecting user managers for CE Cases, permit files, permits, and citations</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Session object synchronization is now in much more stable</span>: selecting 
                                                                to view a property, cecase , or occ period will 
                                                                now change the other two objects to the first instance associated 
                                                                with your chosen object. If chosen object has no linked sub-objects 
                                                                (cecases and occ periods if viewing a property), no session object is loaded.</li>
                                                            <li>Hillman 3-C: <span style="font-weight: bold;">Search by street name</span> issue has been fixed</li>
                                                            <li>Permissions for <span style="font-weight: bold;">system admins</span> tightened down per the specs</li>
                                                            <li>Events can be edited and deactivated by the event's creator OR the cecase or permit file manager</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.1: 23-March 2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li>MuniProfile and UMAP-based <span style="font-weight: bold;">permissions checkpoints</span> are now enforced in all relevant subsystems 
                                                                Study the contents of the new <span class="bold">permissions</span> link to the session info dialog in the municipality session box. 
                                                                View your current UMAP rank and CEO status along with your muni profile settings. 
                                                                Report all bugs to the master bug tracker via Natalie at the TCVCOG 412.858.5115</li>
                                                            <li>Permit file list on property profile page <span style="font-weight: bold;">now includes unit numbers</span> </li>
                                                            <li>Server time zonen is now <span style="font-weight: bold;">GMT-5</span> </li>
                                                            <li>Total unit counts <span style="font-weight: bold;">are no longer displayed on field reports</span> </li>
                                                            <li>NOV mailed and follow-up events <span style="font-weight: bold;">now appear automatically on the cecase's event list on NOV mailing</span> </li>
                                                            <li>Red notice text and disabled text edit boxes <span style="font-weight: bold;">prevent users form editing a letter's text before choosing a notice recipient</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                        
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.4.0: 9 March 2023 @ 1630h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li>Allowed file types for upload now include <span style="font-weight: bold;">.ods, .odt (open document text and spreadsheets), .docx, .doc, .xls, .xlsx, .txt, csv</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                        
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.9: 2 March 2023 @ 1021h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">CE Case docket reports</span> no longer reference property info case status, since PICs have been vaporized</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Event IDs no longer displayed</span> above event table</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Permit file/occ period authorization</span> tool hidden; locked start/end still active</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                        
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.8: 1 March 2023 @ 0845h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Units can be added to a mailing address</span> but this 
                                                                feature is not fully implemented due to complexity of interaction with property units and the optional nature of a unit association</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Session property box restored</span> to initial state purged of any mention of a parcel ID</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">NOV editing works</span> as expected (again, hopefully) </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Broken searches removed</span> on property, person, and cecase searches</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">NOV events for mailing and follow-up</span> work again, as expected</li>
                                                            
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                        
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.7: 28 Februray 2023 @ 0904h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">CECases no longer auto-search</span> on session init</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property info cases are gone</span> which were an old organ for storing events which may have been gumming up case search. Person info cases are also toast, which were never fully implemented. </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property-person links now update</span> the session bar and the person panel as expected</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Permit files now have working person links</span> accessible on the permit file home page</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Citations and Dockets also now have working person links</span> accessible in the citation and docket dialogs respectively </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Events now have working person links</span> accessible from the event profile. </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.6: Friday, 24 Februray 2023 @ 1150h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">CE Case Create </span> bug has been squashed</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">NOV Edit</span> bug has been squashed and NOV formatting is much prettier</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.5: Wednesday, 22 Februray 2023 @ 1003h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Checklist space types and ords</span> can now be deactivated even if used in an inspection!</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.4: Tuesday, 21 Februray 2023 @ 23:45h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Cases can now be deactivated</span> by system admins </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Parcels can now be deactivated</span> by system admins</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Code Sources are insertable and have been launched</span> from primitive to our most current UMAP-based permissions system structure </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Address link priority now updates</span> correctly </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.3: Friday, 17-FEB-2023">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Event search by type and category</span> on the dashboard now works as expected</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Code book builder's </span> load ordinances button refreshes list immediately on press</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.2: Sunday 12-FEB-2023 @ 2145h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property address link notes</span> now update automatically</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Property address link cancel works </span> as expected </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Person link record source</span> now actually updates</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Be on the lookout for </span> your current person when editing; make sure it is your intended person if navigating to person info from a person link </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.1: Thursday, 9-FEB-2023 @ 2330h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Letter types update automatically</span> on initial drop down menu selection </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.3.0: Thursday, 9-FEB-2023 @ 1630h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li>The default unit name is now <span style="font-weight: bold;">PRIMARY</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Deactivation of permit files</span> is now active</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">MuniManage page</span> is alive</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Address roles no longer print</span> on occ permits</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Occ Permits now print on town letterheads</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Overall photos</span> are default on field inspection reports</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">When finalizing field inspections, </span>a confirm dialog now pops up after determination selection</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Person and address links have been debugged, </span>to allow for deactivation, and notes, and no dead boxes</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">New event categories</span> default to "active" on creation</li>
                                                            
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.2.1: Thursday, 2-FEB-2023 @ 0500h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Muni profile</span>page is now operational for system administrators to add, edit, and remove municipalities, muni permissions profiles, and print styles
                                                            </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.1.2: Thursday, 12-JAN-2023 @ 12:00h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Punch-list fixes: </span>Removing governing code source on checklists; Brought checkilst page into modern interface: selected checklist
                                                            has highlighted "selected" text; added View All Munis and View Inactive on checklist object table</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Photos/Documents (Blobs) are now attachable to permit files (occ periods)</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Events are working on permit files</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Inspection ordinance form no longer updates with AJAX on every click</span></li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.1.1: Synday, 8-JAN-2023 @ ~10:40h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Patched error in loading CodeSource objects</span> which was incident to a partially implemented test of cross-muni functionality.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.1.0: Saturday, 7-JAN-2023 @ 13:45h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Back-end change to street name field from name to stname</span> during deuggering WPRDC scrape mess! </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.12: Friday, 6-JAN-2023 @ ????h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Implement initial phases of the permissions work for Glassport onboarding</span> which involves a single on/off code officer flag on UMAPs, and the removal of developer permissions.</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Person linking to a property unit is now functional</span> from the person info page's right-most column.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.11: Thursday, 5-JAN-2023 @ ????h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Letter types and template manager updated</span> to auto-update on category creation and category help box added. This resolves ticket no. 1424</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Violations can now be migrated to just opened cases</span> which resolves ticket no. 1423</li>
                                                            <li>Search by parcel ID now includes <span style="font-weight: bold;">tip to remove dashes</span></li>
                                                            <li>Person links to parcels<span style="font-weight: bold;"> now allows user to jump directly to that parcel from person info dialog.</span></li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.10: Wednesday, 4-JAN-2023 @ 1440h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Ordinance category lists are not sorted</span> in the drop-down menu in category management</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">CECase report loads</span> successfully</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.9.1: Thursday, 20-DEC-2022 @ 0815">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Embedded links to help articles</span> in panel headers across the land.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.9: Thursday, 8-DEC-2022 @ 0945h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">User-Muni-Auth-Periods now contain a code officer yes/no</span> attribute set at time of UMAP creation</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.8: Thursday, 1-DEC-2022 @ 0945h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed broken CE Case list report </span> (Duplicate rendered attribute--spillover from table mess)</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.7: Tuesday, 22-NOV-2022 @ 1300h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed broken side bar-sub nav item's pseudo action method to extractPagePath()</span> and tested </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Addressed ticket #1359: unable to see all users on userconfig.xhtml: </span> This was not a bug, but rather logic intended to limit sys admin's access to other muni's users; this restriction has been removed and now all users are visible to any sys admin or greater credentialed user </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed bug in ticket #1360:</span> UMAP creation no longer has dead screens </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed bug in ticket #1361:</span> Umap deactivation now works as expected with flags and auto coloration of records</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed bug in ticket #1362:</span> Password can now be reset by system admins, and forced to be changed by user on next login</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Total Overhaul of User Management System</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">UMAP add and deac work as expected, along with code officer oath utilities</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Logging on all user changes</span> now allows for full tracking of a user's history</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">User configuration parameters are now displayed </span>on the session init screen, along with deactivated UMAPs </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Passwords resets by users can now be forced by system admins.</span> Users must complete a reset form before initiating an internal session</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.6: Tuesday, 15-NOV-2022 @ 0346h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Squashed bug #1406:</span> letter template table not rendering (culprit: missing var attribute)</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Squashed bug #1413:</span> Load addresses not working (culprit:table filtering!)</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Squashed bug #1415:</span> Ordinances are now visible on checklist builder (culprit:table filtering!)</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Addressed ticket #1408:</span> Turned person linking back to not collapsed</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Addressed ticket #1407:</span> This has been addressed in bug squash #1413</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Squashed bug #1346: The event calendar</span> on the dash updates itself each time users change their muni, not just on session init</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Addressed ticket #1404:</span> Side bar icons have been resurrected</li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Code Book management page has links instead of empty buttons</span></li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.5: Sunday, 13-NOV-2022 @ 12320h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Bug #1400: Fixed: erratic behavior on person search results table</span></li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Person linking panels now appear collapsed in the person search dialog</span></li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.4: Thursday, 10-NOV-2022 @ 0754hh">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Fixed error on checklist manager page load</span> and all 174 other data tables to prevent loading a null list object.</li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.3: Wednesday, 2-NOV-2022 @ 23:50h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Permit file start dates will now default to the current date</span> (and not a month from the current date as in prior releases). </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.2: Wednesday, 2-NOV-2022 @ 23:50h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Debugged empty table page load error on person links; watch like a hawk for similar page crashes.</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.1: Monday, 31-OCT-2022 @ 23:50h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Debugged broken inspection dispatch record management</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>
                                                    <p:tab title="Release 1.0.0: Monday, 31-OCT-2022 @ ????h">
                                                        <ul>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Compiled with Oracle JDK 18! (from 8)</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Packaged for Wildfly 26! (from 14)</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Packaged with PrimeFaces 11! (from 10)</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Jakarta-EE libraries only (no more Oracle javaxee)!</span> </li>
                                                            <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Backed by PostgreSQL 15! (from 9.8)</span> </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                    </p:tab>

                                                </p:accordionPanel>